Post-merge content updates (#7190)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/upgrades/merge/index.md

---
title: The Merge
description: Learn about The Merge - when Mainnet Ethereum adopted proof-of-stake.
lang: en
template: upgrade
sidebar: true
image: ../../../assets/upgrades/merge.png
summaryPoint1: Ethereum Mainnet uses proof-of-stake, but this wasn't always the case.

> summaryPoint2: The transition from the original proof-of-work mechanism to proof-of-stake was called The Merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summaryPoint2: The upgrade from the original proof-of-work mechanism to proof-of-stake was called The Merge.
```
Not a strong preference here but "upgrade" might be more explicit on how the transition happened (or else explicitly mention a hard fork?).

> summaryPoint3: The Merge refers to the original Ethereum Mainnet becoming part of a separate proof-of-stake blockchain called the Beacon Chain, now existing as one chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summaryPoint3: The Merge refers to the original Ethereum Mainnet merging with a separate proof-of-stake blockchain called the Beacon Chain, now existing as one chain.
```
Drive the wording home? 😄
